Issue 5719 - remove Pretty JSON and make it user configurable (#5766)
hyperledger/besu: CHANGELOG.md

### Additions and Improvements
- Added `benchmark` subcommand to `evmtool` [#5754](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/issues/5754)

> - JSON output is now compact by default. This can be overridden by the new `--pretty-json-enabled` CLI option. [#5766](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/5766)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JSON output is now compact by default. This can be overridden by the new `--json-pretty-print-enabled` CLI option. [#5766](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/5766)
```

> - Added `--pretty-json-enabled` argument option to CLI in order to remove Pretty JSON as the default for improving memory usage [#5766](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/5766)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JSON output is now compact by default. This can be overridden by the new `--pretty-json-enabled` CLI option. [#5766](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu/pull/5766)
```
